~ '
I
Dear Travel G@tle~e.
Please accept greetings and well wishes from the entire team of flamingo Transworld Pvt. ltd.
Flamingo Transworld Pvt. ltd. is an lATA accredited travel agency from Ahmedabad, Gujarat,
India.
~ We wish to introduce ourselves as an inbound travel agent for Gujarat and Rajashthan. We are
~' sending some of our standard packages taking Ahmedabad as a starting point of travel.
Gujarat as a tourist destination offers various choices like, history, nature, wildlife, religious
c'; places, festivals, beach.es, hill stations , M~ltiplexe~ restaurants a.nd at the same time it is paradise
l. for shoppers and Bargain hunters. Bandhnls, handicrafts, decoratlves, ornaments, cotton garments
& every thing you ask for are available at very reasonable price.
We have given a seperate section in the brochure describing various places of Gujarat &
Around.
Most of the destinations of Rajashthan are having easy accessibility from Ahmedabad, thus
we are presenting packages for south Rajashthan. Rajashthan is a popular destination and it needs
no introduction. But we have given a full section covering destination details of Rajashthan and we
have emphasized many new place like, Khimsar, Kuchaman, Ranthambore, Kumbalgarh, Ranakpur,
Devigarh etc.
We have some tour packages, which are combination of the Gujarat and Rajashthan.
In our tours, selection of standard hotels / resorts both for deluxe and standard category is
based on our interaction, survey and experience, keeping in mind value for money criteria. At the
same time we are constantly examining and evaluating the quality standard of the above property.
We are constantly adding to our list, new properties also.
We can offer you tailor made tours, based on your requirements, with your choice of hotels.
We can provide transportation arrangements Car, Bus, Rail etc. from any point in Gujarat and
Rajashthan.
You can depend on us, to be your own responsible and reliable office in Ahmedabad for Gujarat
and Rajashthan.
We sincerely hope that you will trust us and have business relationship with us.
Thanking You,
Yours truly,
SANJAYM.SHAH
Managing Director
1
